The thing I regret the most in my life is having such a vicious sister
Marry such a shameless man
Leave her alone and let your sister die in peace
If there is an afterlife
I will definitely end you dog man and woman with my own hands
This was a year ago.
When He Feiyu and I got married
I was born again.
Since God gave me a chance
I will never let you dog men and women go
Ask the bride to make a wedding declaration
Welcome to my and He Feiyu's
Parting ceremony
Did I hear it right?
Yaoyao, my phone
Yaoyao, let go of my phone
Sitian, I still love you the most
Don't shoot, don't shoot, don't shoot
Off off
Go to hell scum
Don't shoot, don't shoot
Don't shoot Su Yaoan
What are you fooling around with?
Lost the face of the Su family
If you dare to repent
Our Su family does not recognize you as a daughter
Our Su family
You, a junior, why should you worry?
Sister, you misunderstood.
Yaoyao, listen to my explanation, let go
I am a dignified lady of the Su family
I was really blind to see a phoenix man like you
And your third child's daughter
I really love being a mistress
From today onwards
Me and you scum bitches
Cut in two
Isn't this Li Zeyan, the son of the richest man?
Li Zeyan, why is he here?
Sister, as a bride, you are still here to hook up with other men, you have the nerve to say me